# Roblox-Mutual-Friend-Finder

A simple but powerful python script to find mutual friends of 2 or more Roblox users. It automates browser interaction via Selenium and saves final list of mutuals to a timestamped text file.

Made by Wilexcess

## Features
- **Automatic Browser & Driver Management:** Will automatically detect if Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, or Mozilla Firefox is installed, and uses 'webdriver-manager' to download and manage correct webdriver for respective browser. No manual setup required!
- **Compare Multiple Users** Find mutual friends among any number of Roblox users (2 or more).
- **Persistent Login:** After a one-time manual login, the script saves the authentication cookie. On all future runs, it will automatically log in without having to need your password. (Alt account recommended)
- **Saves Results to File:** Saves the list of mutual friends to a clearly labeled 'mutuals_[timestamp].txt' file for your records.

## Requirements
- Windows Operating System
- Python 3.x
- An installed web browser: Microsoft Edge, Google Chrome, or Mozilla Firefox

## Setup
1. Clone this repository or download the 'roblox_mutuals.py' file.
2. Open your Command Prompt, and type in ```pip install -U selenium beautifulsoup4 webdriver-manager``` to install requirements
3. Directly open the file or while having the project folder open run ```python roblox_mutuals.py```

For the first time you run this script, it will prompt a Roblox login, for all future runs it will not do this and use the cookies.txt file that was generated by the first run.

--- **Disclaimer:** This script is for educational purposes only. Web scraping may be against the terms of service of some websites. Use responsibly and do not share your `cookie.txt` file, as it contains your login session.
